--- Website Text Extract for: landingpage.jsx ---

observer.disconnect();
  }, []);

  return (

observer.disconnect();
  }, [end, duration]);

  return

3 Lakhs Sft,

clearInterval(interval);
  }, []);

  return (

Why Businesses

Choose

MANO Consultants

With 12 years of excellence, we blend deep industry knowledge with client-centric

approach to deliver measurable results in every project.

End-to-End Project Expertise

From feasibility to final handover — complete lifecycle management under one roof.

Cost Efficiency & Transparency

Accurate estimations, budgeting, and specialist cost control ensure optimal financial performance.

Quality-Focused Delivery

Strict QA/QC processes, audits, and compliance frameworks for flawless execution.

Why

Clients Trust

Our Services

Explore Service

Featured Projects

Testimonials

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

Ready to Start Your Project?

Hotel Moon Palace

Triveni Crown

Ananda Residency

Sati Darshan

Prima Plastics

NSCI Dome

More Hyper Mart

KAPCO Banquets

Amazon Warehouse

Mr. Ketan Musale

Dotom Realty

Mr. Mugilan is working with our organization on several construction projects in the Borivali area. He is associated with projects such as Ananda Residency and Ariana Residency. His working pattern and management skills are excellent. He puts in complete effort along with his team, and his setup has been a great support to our firm.

Mr. Chetan Parmar

Parmar Group

I have known Mr. Mugilan for the past 15 years. He is highly passionate about his work and always strives to complete every task in a perfect manner.

Mr. Ashok Jain

Adity Group of Company

He has handled our Palava Project and Oberoi Goregaon Project for the last three years, and we have found his services to be excellent. We never had to worry about billing or QS matters, as we have complete trust in him and found everything to be perfectly managed.

Manisha Satra

Leading Tiles Distributor Lee Tiles

I am working with Mr. Mugilan, and I appreciate his work. He acts as a mediator in amendment situations, always caring for vendors, and he is excellent in maintaining quality and timely delivery.

Mr. Pratik Gada

National Ply Laminate

With regard to Mr. Mugilan’s services, his attitude toward work is excellent, and he is a very disciplined professional. His level of expertise is extremely high, which helps him manage projects effectively under strict time constraints.

What is PMC (Project Management Consultants)?

What is (Cost Consultancy)?

Cost Consultancy involves managing the financial health of a construction project. We provide accurate cost estimation, budgeting, value engineering, and financial monitoring. Our goal is to maximize your Return on Investment (ROI) while maintaining the design intent and quality of the project.

How do you manage quality if we hire you for only QA QC Service?

What about PMC Charges?

What services does MANO Consultants provide?

We offer comprehensive project management, construction management, quantity surveying, and Cost Consultancy services tailored to your specific project needs.

How do you ensure project quality?

Our rigorous quality assurance processes involves regular audits, compliance checks, and adherence to international standards to ensure the highest quality deliverables.

Do you handle residential projects?

Yes, we handle a wide range of projects including residential complexes, commercial buildings, and industrial facilities with equal expertise.

What is your project management methodology?

We employ a hybrid approach combining agile flexibility with structured waterfall milestones to ensure timely delivery while adapting to project changes.

How can we get a quote?

You can contact us through our form below or email us directly. We will schedule a consultation to understand your requirements and provide a detailed proposal.

Do you work internationally?

Yes, while we are based locally, we have the capability and experience to manage and consult on projects across various international locations.

0 0 24 24

M20 6L9 17L4 12

Predictable Delivery

Timely execution backed by strong planning and monitoring.

Transparent Processes

Cost & Risk Control

Data-driven decisions ensure optimized cost and minimized risk.

End-to-End Support

From drawings to handover — we manage everything.

EPC Solution