--- Website Text Extract for: AboutUs.jsx ---

observer.disconnect();
    }, [end, duration]);

    return

observer.disconnect();
    }, []);

    return (

About The Company

Why MANO Project Consultants Private Limited?

Explore More

Punctual in Time

Particular in Commitment

%+ Client Satisfaction Rate

CORE VALUES

Vision

To be the major part of real estate sector with self-owned Real Estate projects & Industrial projects.

To be known for its excellent, competent engineers who establish client trust by completing challenging tasks within time.

Target of our company is to cover 6 Million Sq.ft. of construction work by 2025-26 FY & Turnover shall be 50 CR.

Mission

About The Team

Expertise

Our Engineering Strength

A dedicated team of 50+ young, dynamic & qualified engineers mentored by industry leaders.

Ready to Start Your Project?

MANO Projects Pvt. Ltd. is a multi disciplinary Construction & Management firm established in September 2010 by Mr. Mugilan Muthaiah and Mrs. Amirthavalli Mugilan, having its head office in Mumbai.

Our firm consists of young, qualified, committed, disciplined and dynamic professionals offering innovative management ideas and wide range of Project Management Consultancy, Planning, Budgeting and Quality control services & Contracting.

With over 25+ reputed clients and 90+ projects, we have successfully established ourselves in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Goa, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh & Telangana.

End-to-End Project Expertise

From feasibility to final handover, we ensure comprehensive management, evaluation, and control at every step.

Efficient Scheduling & Budgeting

Quality Assurance & Transparency

We follow strict QA/QC procedures to maintain consistency and transparency across all stages of execution.

Develop lasting client relationship by providing exceptional stakeholder value in an environment of trust and respect.

Develop values, ethics, vision and expectations that balance the needs of all the stakeholders.

Utilization of new creation via youngsters & Tier 2/3 cities.

Social Responsibility / Pollution free Planet.

Collective ownership of the assigned project.

Mr. Mugilan Muthaiah

Founder & CEO

Construction Management

NICMAR Alumni

Strategic Leadership

With a Post Graduate program in Construction Management from NICMAR Pune and Civil Engineering background, he has worked with reputed companies across various projects. A specialist in Residential, Retail, and Hospitality projects with a clear vision and successful leadership.

Committed to integrity, transparency, and client satisfaction.

Mrs. Amirthavalli Mugilan

Board of Director

Office Administration

Vendor Management

HR & Coordination

Studied Graduate in Business Administration, she has sound experience in office administration pertaining to the construction field. Her role involves entire office administration, vendor management, HR, and interdependent coordination with all stakeholders.

Driving operational excellence and organizational growth.

Mr. N Subramanian

Project Director

Large Scale Projects

Hospitality & Commercial

Expert in Residential, Retail, and Hospitality typologies.

Mrs. Gayathri Segar (M Arch)

Mr. Raj Narayanan (BE- Civil)

Mr. Sanjeev Gupta (BE Civil Head - Billing)

Miss. Priyal Singh (BA–Administration & HR)

Mr. Syed Arshal Qazi (BE Civil)

Mr. Nikhil Dangle (BE Civil)

Mr. Harshad Padwal (BD)

Mr. Manoj Kumar (BE Civil)

Miss. Hemlata Jople (BE Civil)

Mr. Surya Senthilkumar (BE Civil)

Miss. Riya Jadhav (BE Civil)

Mr. Tanush Parab (BE Civil)